how you doing my name's Keith Harris
drummer for Black Eyed Peas and Fergie
I'm here I'm trying out the new Tama
superstar I have a drive kit I'm
definitely a big fan of the smaller
shell depths I feel that gives me more
flexibility in my playing style I can
tune them up for certain things and I
also get a nice low sound as well and
hip hop music especially a black IP
stuff it helps me out tremendously
because I can play really fast things or
I could be really really you know
musical and I will play the pocket with
them because they really cut through and
they really give me the sound and
versatility that I need for the music
that I play this hyperdrive kit features
diecast hoops on all the toms it also
has a starcast mounting system
[Music]
great sound beautiful resonance
beautiful look you have the nice
hardware everything sitting nice and you
got the 13 by 6 snare that everybody is
trying to get right now it's hot it's
hot on the streets if you want a great
sound this is a great product
[Music]
I'm Jason Costa I play for all the
remains and I play on a Tom a superstar
hyperdrive kit I've recently started
playing the super star hyperdrive kit
and it is amazingly loud though
something falls right in line with with
how hard the pedals hit it's a the bass
drum sounds absolutely amazing cuts
through everything the Tom's sound great
you would think that the smaller sizes
of the drums aren't as loved but that's
not true they they're easier to tune
them easier to position and you can
really lay into them and get a great
sound out of them the birch really cuts
through traditionally metal drummers
usually use gigantic Tom's Tom's that
are really really deep and everything
but the loudness is not an issue at all
the sound is way more focused and punchy
it punches right right in your face
not only are these drums really loud but
the tone is really bright and cutting
when you're playing in a metal situation
in the guitars were all detuned to D or
C or whatever and if they're all in that
frequency these drums sit right out on
top and they cut through really really
well one of the great things about the
hyper drive kit is the fact that the
Tom's are really shallow I like to sit
really low and so I can get these toms
exactly where I want to get them nice
nice and low so I can lord over them and
hit them lay into them and hit them very
very hard another thing that I like
about these drums is that they come with
the starcast mounting system which adds
a lot of tone and sustain to these drums
which is a great feature to this gig
another great thing about these drums is
that they come with the fitted with die
cast tubes which really helps focus the
sound and cut through the mix really
well these drums come in a variety of
very cool finishes and if they all come
with black nickel hardware which really
gives it a cool a very unique look
[Music]
so basically go try one of these kits
out they have a lot of high-end features
they sound amazing they look amazing and
I can't recommend it highly enough
[Music]
you